how much
the reception. bed we are in front of the del
3d streetdance that hasn't completed yet
we know recoverers in france, here it is, I show it quickly
a video preview because we have not had the chance to try it so much alone
some
face sere 1500 mm emily ampere battery we cannot say autonomy
however, if I do not have a penis, we assume that I can talk about the day
amperage is high
slot for the sim slot for the micro sd supplied a mycosis of 16 giga bytes
while
her father's gigabyte of user memory and 16 re sorry 512 megabytes of
plot let's see what's in the package
very nice cloth either
as housings and as a screen cleaning poisson text
the data cable which is not the standard micro sd but is proprietary
then
I say the network with ip
finally the charger
one piece thriller either
Italian is intended in the packaging
we turn on the really huge display
let's make a small dimensional comparison with the i. nievo here
as you see
a 480-by-800 5-inch display is very much much bigger
in glass
said capacitive screen very good the answer
the display in front we have a singer of - I add also for now not of
use on the application
we have brightness and proximity sensor
3 touch-sensitive buttons omg menu that back while back
there is 5 megapixel meat with the flash led autofocus app
we tried it in kampala great photos
for it does not even 720p video that sometimes takes a little bit but
the could be more because we will load a test
d a video made
the phone the hundred actively with android 1 point six o2 you already have
published laroma2. 1 the usual android cooks cooked it we went out
to install the
on our device anyway
tend to end the year two rom two point two
the diamond
the menu is not like the usual android that have notifications for top menu
down
moreover, the one does not only work in total vertical queries in Naples
er la
screen does not swim
classical
Android screens completely customizable
in the middle
the notification bar while a convenient one the bar that allows us to
cultivate and deactivate the connectivity poimente uaifai d & g bluetooth or 2. 0
zpakka spa e
collective herbiceps
where there was not
mts we enter the menu we go immediately to see
the navigation is beautiful
let's try to see
phone
and see how it is most viewed
page weather and rain is as fast as all the android ninja
with mtv based browser does not have
pointer club in
d flash that will come when
the phone will be
updated and of course we have the pinch to zoom
puts the fluidity but definitely good to enter
in a news
obviously the
so large multidisplay helps navigation a lot
and it is that of medium which allows however of usable dimension also for
As for phone calls, he immediately gives me access
mask of phone calls here it is
and while we're at it just doing the usual calling 39
- speakers for
I have
at that volume the voice is really in bed movies
the phone distorts a little maybe I try because the book is so high
but we assure you that from the earphone always very well
for maybe a little bit
that I use but that volume remains very very high to compose a
message
so I'll show you the virtual keyboard here it is
keyboard that works
well it has no problems too
to type
quickly towards some typo but obviously talk about that
writes together
to you a little complicated then typing dr are at fault
let's go back
f flight applications to see
such as
the phone turns
the videos that take the photos 1 spoken before saw a little bit use photo
very beautiful
here is which photo
which lies at 5 megapixels
also here pinch to zoom
and I envy you
we have
turned
about video
get out of this video to show you how to install ando
I can also produce other applications
very good d dvx
the application
rocco playhub
I'll show you this
fashion also take the quality of the display
net and processor a problem to show and run this video 700
20px
qualcomm processor from
live
press phone also equipped with accelerometer agps
and while we're here, I let you hear
index
volume
hunt
step now I go immediately that compared to the call eagle audio is high that
absolutely not distorted then
press the problem is not the speaker but the phone mode
handsfree distortion pò pagliativo him for you
with a. there
the song no problem whatsoever then they'll know about android
person bx people
customizable bike sorry for many programs that I can install from
market e
equally customizable in the screens with
the usual shortcut tv - quick integration with social networks
feisbuk network that
for twitter but also picasa icetoice 3 zither
the human mind
a line we say private tabletki
the cell phone maybe a little
a bit small to make data backup reviewed by real time from open from
time but for those who want unique kunde weiss
a very large display to browse support to see
amv movies and videos could be
a careful choice that is a pity that you have to go
in france and england buy it because here in italy not yet
marketed
for telephone.net andrea galeazzi